DOC-56 Import Technology Providers Playbook (#110)
Ed-Fi-Alliance-OSS/ed-fi-alliance-oss.github.io: docs/getting-started/provider-playbook/technology-providers-implementation/ed-fi-api-fundamentals/authentication-and-oauth.md

# Authentication and OAuth

In its _data exchange standards_ efforts (distinct from Ed-Fi's _technology development_, going back to a distinction made in the section [Overview of Ed-Fi Standards and Technology](../../../provider-playbook/technology-providers-project-planning/overview-of-ed-fi-standards-and-technology.md)), Ed-Fi recommends the use of OAuth for API implementers. This recommendation can be seen in the REST API Guidelines that the Alliance publishes:

> * [Ed-Fi API Design & Implementation Guidelines](https://edfi.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/EFAPIGUIDE/overview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Ed-Fi API Design & Implementation Guidelines](/reference/data-exchange/api-guidelines/)
```

Author: updated.

> Accordingly, in the Ed-Fi open source technology development effort, the Ed-Fi ODS / API uses a version of OAuth for API authentication. More information can be found here: [Authentication](https://edfi.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/ODSAPIS3V71/pages/25493699/Authentication).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accordingly, in the Ed-Fi open source technology development effort, the Ed-Fi ODS / API uses a version of OAuth for API authentication. More information can be found here: [Authentication](/reference/ods-api/client-developers-guide/authentication).
```

Author: updated.
